oh I'm is dating getting all dressed up
going to a fancy restaurant I could be
able to do that for so long it's so much
fun I got good sitting at home worrying
about giving birth to a 16 pound baby is
not fun hey you know what why don't I
take you out what Joey you don't wanna
go on a date with a pregnant lady yes I
do and we're gonna go out we're gonna
have a good time I'm gonna take your
mind off of childbirth and see sections
and a giant baby head stretching ugh no
yes Oh Oh would you look at that Monica
I just knocked off all your top scores
his hand okay I'm next nope don't shut
another game I said it was next Phoebe
oh I'm sorry I couldn't hear you over
all the winning Taylor baby zombie in
the gaming who cares it's a stupid game
oh you only think it's stupid cuz you
suck at it Oh suck it sucks you suck
wait okay if this game is gonna cause
problems between the two of you then
maybe I should just keep it no no no
real I love it it is a great present but
yeah in fact why don't you go home and
wait for the thank you card why do you
wanna play this game so badly yes no I
gets picked out a Clark bar after every
game Vanessa come on get out of the
chair come on come on here
maybe